well everyone welcome to John Zack
survival in this video I'm going to show
you how to properly store water in a two
liter plastic bottle that'll last for
years okay so there are three types of
bottles that they say you can safely
store water in for long periods of time
and these are small bottles we're not
talking 5-gallon 500 gallon anything
like that just for the average person
that wants to save water in their home
there are three types of bottles you can
use an old bleach bottle you can use a
fruit juice bottle jug whatever you want
to call it and you can use two-liter pop
bottles or soda bottles and something
like a milk carton is not recommended
because by law they are they're required
to make those so they degrade over a
period of time so that they don't fill
up the landfills so much so we're using
two-liter pop bottles I actually never
used to drink pop out of the 2-liter I
always like that out of the can because
it stays busy longer but after looking
at two things price-wise you can buy one
of these for you know a dollar and you
get two liters of pop and the other
thing was I did want to store water in
these I like to store it in larger
containers as well but these are small
easy to grab they build up quickly and
anybody can do this okay so I like to
prefer to use the laundry tub because
it's deep and you just take your pop
bottle I pull the label off of it you
just put a little bit of dish soap in
there a couple of drops I turn the water
on and I run it till it's hot
and then take and fill that bottle up
about halfway at least a third of the
way full of water after I've got them
all filled up a third or a half of the
way full of water of course you're gonna
cap them luckily these caps are
interchangeable no matter what you have
so you don't have to worry about which
one goes with which so I'm gonna get my
capped and then we'll go to the next
step all right so once we have it
sitting there we capped it off let's
turn the water on I'm just gonna shake
the crap out of it to really get it
washed though now we're gonna put bleach
in this later but this is the part that
takes some time and you do end up
wasting a lot of water to get water but
to have it on hand and stored is really
important so after we do this we're
going to simply rinse it I like to do is
take and fill it about 1/3 of the way up
again recap it and shake it one more
time just to make sure that we really
get that soap all over the place in
there
okay dump it out run and put it right
underneath that faucet and let that
water run and get it all rinsed out and
get rid of all the so I just like this
lip there and let it run in there and
you can just watch that fill come right
up and run right out of the bottle
just keep rinsing it till you get all
the soap out of there once you get your
bottle water in salt okay once that's
all cleaned out you got a reed filled up
with water you want to add bleach to it
for two liters you're gonna want to put
two drops maybe three some places say
four it's clean water they say two is
good enough all I do is take a plastic
knife or we're gonna bet when I put it
in there and pull it out like this one
drop two drops do you have your bleach
in there recap it give it a little spin
like so it's ready to go into the
cabinet I have to repeat that nine more
times that's how you store water this
should last between three to five years
safely and fine in a cabinet try to keep
it out of the light
you got water stored thanks a lot for
watching the Jones Act survival Channel